Personal observation l Muscle atrophy

Today’s date is August 27, 2026

This is my own personal observation. I do think it is 100% related to other parts of the body and important for movement. 

When I walk, I noticed that my it feels like my concentration is connecting either my eyes to my knees and the back of my heel, but above it and below the ankle or the middle part of the ankle, I’m noticing that it feels like I am walking with the inner parts of my knee and it feels like I am walking with like my big toe and the next tone next to it, I am noticing that in the other areas of my thighs, like the outer Areas, the outer areas and deeper towards the middle of my limbs or extremities there is either no feeling or  it feels heavy. It feels like one entire area, but it doesn’t feel like I’m actually using it when I’m or what I’m currently walking right this second.

So I am also noticing that when I walk if I purposely try to turn either turning from the hips or with my legs, I am turning it feel like it feels like I’m turning with the skin on the front of my leg or the front of my body.

When I practice trying to rotate different areas or walk with concentration towards the other areas like the back of my legs, the skin or muscle or muscle tissue on my back it feels totally different

So currently when my arms are at my side moving or when I’m walking, it feels l it feels like the skin that is on the other side or behind isn’t being stimulated or used.. time is 9:24 AM August 27 2026

Time is 9:28 August 27, 2026

I am still currently walking back-and-forth. I am trying to figure out what other areas are not being used or feel like they’re not being used and should be used.

I can hear my friends I see three and they are telling me good job and keep it moving.

So I’m also now I’m also figuring out that even when I try to grab something, it feels like whether my hat even if my hand is open palms facing up or Pal facing down it feels like I’m grabbing with the inner skin on the inner area it doesn’t feel like I am actually either using or have feeling like in my bones or the skin on the other side. I’m noticing that it feels like I need to concentrate on other areas cause it feels like the either the centuries or sense. There’s no sensation in other areas and it feels dull or heavy..

Time is now 9:31 AM

I am also noticing so the mouth it doesn’t feel like I have any connection to my lips. It feels like the when I’m moving. It’s either coming from the back of my jaw or I guess like somewhere on my cheeks, but in my cheeks, but very light I noticed that if I try to keep posture and I keep my teeth or jaw aligned and I also try to control my lips and either keep them close or keep them in it certain position feeling comes back. I noticed that that is also happening with other areas of my in my mouth like my teeth or my gums. I’m noticing that when I bite down, it feels like I’m using like the teeth on the sides on the bottom and top jaw I am practicing chewing or trying to talk using my tongue and I’m noticing that when I normally do it, it doesn’t feel like I’m exerting any kind of force pressure or mental or physical connection to any area of my tongue either or my or the roof of my mouth. 

Time is now 9:35 AM thank you.
